Only support OIDC Conformant Authentication Flow (#386)
auth0/Auth0.Android: V2_MIGRATION_GUIDE.md

- Android API version 21 or later.

## OIDC only

> Verson 2 only supports OIDC-compliant applications. When using this SDK to authenticate users, only the current Auth0 authentication pipeline and endpoints will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 2 only supports OIDC-Conformant applications. When using this SDK to authenticate users, only the current Auth0 authentication pipeline and endpoints will be used.
```

Reviewer: Let's use the same wording as the dashboard -> Comformant

Author: 👍 pushed a new commit to use consistent terminology.
